# Software-Design-Document
CS-230 Completed Software Design Document

The Gaming Room was a client who had a prexisting mobile appliaction but was hoping to expand there game services to multiple devices for the most optimal time and cost savings.
In developing this documention I thorougly analyzed many different solutions to their intended result and decided it made sense to design a REST service in Java, with a Java client appliaction that could run in tandom with the prexisting app or be ported to run on desktop or other operating platforms without the costly process of designing applications for each future client platform.
I found working through a design document to be a helpful and effective way to consider all options when trying to find a cheap and fast option that properly meets the needs of a client.  Looking back I would put more consideration into whether a Java appliation made sense when web-based applications are the most popular and easily accesssble.  It is important to note that there are library's that make web-based applications port to mobile without the need for costly production times.
I interpreted my client's needs and atempted to meet them by designing a client application that could run on multiple platforms so users could easily traverse a familiar layout and access their appliction seamlessly regardless of the platform they were running the application on.
I approached designing the software with the knowledge that HTTP requests to a REST API would be necessary to regardless of the user and the client application utilizing these services.  It was imperative to start by designing a REST service that could handle the relevent requests that would be made by the client applications since this was the backbone of all data transfer between the existing database and the client applications.  I aproached the design of the client application by focusing on an appliation that would be reusable for multiple different operating platforms.  Since this is an inherent stregth of Java and .NET Core it  made sense to use one of these languages to design the client applciation for the sake of reusability and cost savings.
